Yeah. You're reporting to see you're something. You're Katie Command.
But that's how you really should be with the people in charge of you.
So how should your relationship being with change your reporting,
seniors? Fact that that is important. Because day in, day out, you're
gonna see that. You see, with 40 quarters, you're gonna see a meal
hours in the wardroom. You can see at the colors that this same standing
watch, you see general quarters. So you have to have a professional
yourself. It has to be a professional relationship with a good
relationship with her. But you can come in and say So you talked to
you? I have a situation that I have not experienced. And can I get
some thoughts you want to be able? You'll know that you have a good
relationship with your reporting seen here. When it gets to that time.
Were you understand? You can lock on the door. I could ask you a
question. You won't be going in there all the time and wasting time.
No senior officer is gonna say you're wasting time. They want you to
be yourself for life yourself for lying to the point where you could
finally go knock on the door. Say, have you experienced this? I'm
just trying. Just watch your advice to look at that.